packge and deploy lab support for Cloud9 (#220)
aws-samples/cfn101-workshop: content/intermediate/templates/package-and-deploy/index.md

:::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
aws cloudformation deploy \
    --template-file infrastructure-packaged.template \
    --stack-name cfn-workshop-package-deploy-lambda \

>     --region eu-west-1 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --region us-east-1 \
```

    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    aws cloudformation delete-stack \
          --stack-name cfn-workshop-package-deploy-lambda
    :::
    1. Wait for the Stack deletion to complete by using the following AWS CLI command
    :::code{language=shell showLineNumbers=false showCopyAction=true}
    aws cloudformation wait stack-delete-complete \
        --stack-name cfn-workshop-package-deploy-lambda
    :::
    ::::
    ::::tab{id="LocalDevelopment" label="LocalDevelopment"}
      1. Navigate to the [AWS S3 Console](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/).
      1. Select the S3 bucket that you have created during this lab, Choose **Empty**.
      1. Follow the instructions on the console to confirm the deletion of objects in the buckets.
      1. Now switch back to S3 Console, Select the S3 bucket that you have created during this lab, Choose **Delete**
      1. Follow the instructions on the console to confirm the deletion of the S3 bucket.
      1. Navigate to the [AWS CloudFormation Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/).
      1. Select the stack named `cfn-workshop-package-deploy-lambda` and choose **Delete**.

>       1. In the pop-up window click on Delete stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. In the pop-up window choose **Delete**.
```
